README.md, before:

# TrustLink

TrustLink is a Flutter-based mobile application designed to connect professionals and organizations by sharing achievements and facilitating donations. It provides a platform for users to showcase their milestones, support causes they care about, and build meaningful connections.

## Features

- **User Profiles**: Create and customize your profile to showcase your professional achievements.
- **Timeline**: Share and view moments of success and milestones from other users.
- **Donations**: Support causes and organizations by donating through Starknet
- **Chat**: Connect and communicate with other users directly through the app.
- **Requirement Management**: Post and manage requirements for professional or organizational needs.

## Screenshots
TODO: will add and also the video

## Getting Started

Follow these steps to set up and run the TrustLink app on your local machine:

### Prerequisites

- Flutter SDK installed ([Flutter installation guide](https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/install)).
- Android Studio or Visual Studio Code for development.
- A connected device or emulator for testing.

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/hawkaii/trustlink.git
   cd trustlink

Commit message:

Developement (#15)
* chnges app icon for android

* change app icon logo for iso

* add new images for README and update content (#12)

* Readme refine (#13)

* add new images for README and update content

* update README to use <img> tags for app icons and screenshots

* refactor README layout for app icon and screenshots

* refactor README to improve screenshot layout with flexbox

* update screenshot image widths in README for better layout

* update screenshot image widths in README for improved visibility

* refactor README to remove TODOs and enhance screenshot display

* refactor README to move Backend section for better organization

* Refinment (#14)

* More Refinement (#11)

* chnges app icon for android

* change app icon logo for iso

---------

Co-authored-by: princechaurashiya <princechaurashiya163@gmail.com>

* update ui

* update some feature

* some changes in ui

* updated some feat

* add starknet logo

---------

Co-authored-by: princechaurashiya <princechaurashiya163@gmail.com>

---------

Co-authored-by: princechaurashiya <princechaurashiya163@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# ![app icon](./.github/readme-images/logo_small.png) TrustLink

<div align="center">
  <img src="./.github/readme-images/logo.png" alt="app icon" width="200">
</div>
d

TrustLink is a Flutter-based mobile application designed to connect professionals and organizations by sharing achievements and facilitating donations. It provides a platform for users to showcase their milestones, support causes they care about, and build meaningful connections.

## Screenshots

<div style="display: flex; gap: 20px;">
  <img src="./.github/readme-images/signup.png" alt="signup" width="150">
  <img src="./.github/readme-images/settings.png" alt="settings" width="150">
  <img src="./.github/readme-images/feed.png" alt="feed" width="150">
</div>


## Features

- **User Profiles**: Create and customize your profile to showcase your professional achievements.
- **Timeline**: Share and view moments of success and milestones from other users.
- **Donations**: Uses [Starknet](https://github.com/starknet-io/starknet.js) for transactions, supporting Starknet and Ethereum coins.
- **Chat**: Connect and communicate with other users directly through the app.
- **Requirement Management**: Post and manage requirements for professional or organizational needs.

## Backend
All necessary files can be found in the [TrustLink Backend Repository](https://github.com/hawkaii/TrustLink_backend).


## Getting Started

Follow these steps to set up and run the TrustLink app on your local machine:

### Prerequisites

- [Flutter SDK](https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/install) installed.
- Android Studio or Visual Studio Code for development.
- A connected device or emulator for testing.

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/hawkaii/trustlink.git
   cd trustlink
   flutter run
   ```

## Resources
- [Flutter](https://flutter.dev)
- [starknet.js](https://github.com/starknet-io/starknet.js)
